`Operation`: interface for `QuantumCircuit` operations (#25)
Qiskit/rfcs: 0025-interface-for-circuit-operations.md

  carry around extra circuits (and frequently copy them).

## Alternative Approaches

It is in theory possible to maintain the status quo, and have `Instruction` be
the definition of the transpiler-input interface.  Some things (such as
pluggable, controllable synthesis passes) are still possible to do in this
structure.  The memory problems are (at best) exacerbated by `Instruction`,
though, and it is difficult to fix this will maintaining backwards
compatibility.  This also would do nothing to address the general design
problems with operations currently needing to define their own synthesis.

The memory usage is already showing problematic strain for scalability.  See:

- Qiskit/qiskit-terra#7485
- Qiskit/qiskit-terra#6991
- Qiskit/qiskit-terra#5895

Having all operations have to define their own `definition` causes cyclic
dependency and hierarchy issues: `quantum_info` classes generally should not
need to care about the circuit model, since they are using a different
formalism.  This also means that objects with more than one synthesis method
have to define a "preferred" synthesis method.  This is an issue for things like
the multi-controlled X.

## Questions

> 1. At this point, the exact requirements for `Operation` are not fully
>    finalised.  This RFC will not be ready for implementation until they are.

Reviewer: I think we can implement this rfc partially to add the class and expand the interface over time as long as we do it a backwards compatible manner (which is what I believe the approach in Qiskit/qiskit-terra#7966)

```suggestion
1. At this point, the exact requirements for `Operation` are not fully
   finalized.  This RFC will not be ready for a complete implementation until they are.
```

2. Will classical operations also be `Operation`, or will we do something

>    different with them?

Reviewer: For me I think it makes the most sense to have classical operations be based on the same base class. We can specialize on top of it if there are stricter requirements, but having a common class for all operations makes working with circuits internally a lot easier I think. Is thing a operation, if so we can use it in a circuit? Then for things consuming circuits at a low level (like qpy) know how to work with the base element in the circuit.

3. What information about necessary qubits should we expose, bearing in mind

>    that the "number of qubits needed" may be dependent on the synthesis method?

Reviewer: I think just the number of qubits the operation acts on directly. If a synthesis method requires an ancilla, it's the responsibility of the synthesis method to know that check and either fallback to some other synthesis method or error appropriately if it can't work.
